"The Heart of Heart: Turmeric and Sports"
Endothelial cells constitute the inner structure of our blood vessels
Connect a person's endothelial cells end to end
Its length can be more than four times around the earth
And it is not an inert layer because it has high metabolic activity
I have already mentioned our endothelial cells.
How sensitive is it to oxidation and inflammation
If we don't care for it, endothelial dysfunction may be
Cause heart attack or stroke
Are we ready to be alert to the early warning signs of the endothelium?
If it is all about oxidation and inflammation
Then fruits and vegetables should help, and it is true.
Every fruit or vegetable every day
Both are associated with an improvement in endothelial function of 6%.
Current research on improving endothelial function related to fruits and vegetables
And several conclusions are that vitamin C tablets are not beneficial to endothelial function
Formed a sharp contrast
The conclusion that can be drawn is the effect of fruits and vegetables in the study.
Should be produced not only by the action of any nutrients in fruits and vegetables
Instead of looking for a magical micronutrient
A more practical approach would be to consider the food itself.
Therefore, under the synergistic effect of all excellent substances in plants
Increase the intake of fruits and vegetables
Very likely to have a lot of beneficial effects
Exercise is also helpful, but what type of exercise is most helpful?
Patients were randomly assigned to four groups:
Aerobics (one hour a day by bike),
Resistance training (using load and elastic bands), all or none
Both the aerobic group and the resistance group showed an effect
Of course, compared to the group of people who are sitting alone
The group that is both aerobic and anaerobic is of course very good.
But please note that as long as you do have physical exercise
And it’s done regularly, then your endothelial cells
I don’t care if you are going to ride a bike or go to the iron.
But if you stop exercising, your endothelial function will drop.
Antioxidant tablets will not work, what about anti-inflammatory tablets?
Pharmaceutical companies will not give up easily.
After all, the food that can be served in the place where the salad is sold is just a little bit
For those who prefer to eat more than taking medicine
One of the most anti-inflammatory foods is spice turmeric
Japanese researchers recently compared exercise and curcumin
That is, the yellow pigment in turmeric and curry powder has an effect on endothelial function.
Eat about one teaspoon of turmeric a day for eight weeks.
Compared with aerobic exercise 30 to 60 minutes a day
Which group can improve endothelial function?
No significant physical changes were observed in either group
But the sports group saw a significant increase in their endothelial function.
The same is true for the curcumin group
The degree of improvement in curcumin treatment
Almost as much as obtained through exercise
Therefore, regular intake of curcumin
May be for cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women
a preventive measure
In addition, their results also indicate that curcumin may be
Potential alternative therapy for patients who are unable to exercise
But ideally, we should use both methods.
In this study, they studied central arterial hemodynamics.
Generally, if our endothelium is damaged, our arteries will be stiff.
Making our heart more difficult to pump blood
But compared to placebo, through curcumin or exercise
We can let the blood pressure drop
And if you combine the two, then you are really invincible.
They concluded that these findings indicate
Regular endurance exercise combined with daily intake of curcumin
More than one method
May reduce the pressure on the heart to a greater extent
So for our endothelial health, eat and combine it.